We have the complete differential
equation now, awesome.
But how do we get from time
step k to time step k+1?
Let's say the discrete time step k
relates to the continuous time value tk,
and the discrete time step k+1 relates
to the continuous time value tk + 1.
The difference between tk +1 and
tk is called delta t.
Then this state at time k + 1
is given by the state of time k,
plus the integral over x-dot,
from time tk to time tk + 1.
This can potentially be
a very complex calculation.
But in the special case of the CTRV,
this integral can be
solved pretty easily.
In the first two rows, I will just
insert the terms of the differential
equation without solving the integral,
we will do this later.
Let's start with the last three
rows which are the easiest.
Even if you don't really remember
how to solve an integral,
you still might be able to choose
the correct answer in the quiz below.
Remember we assume the yaw rate and
the velocity are constant.